Add itemCountMode prop (#234)
vtex-apps/minicart: docs/README.md

| `maxDrawerWidth`       | `number`                  | Maximum width (in pixels) for the `drawer` Minicart when opened.                                                                                                                                                                             | `440`         |
| `openOnHover`          | `boolean`                 | Whether the `popup` minicart should open when the user hovers over it.                                                                                                                                                                       | `false`         |
| `quantityDisplay`      | `enum`                    | Shows the quantity badge even when the amount of products in the cart is zero. Possible values are: `always` or `not-empty` or `never`).                                                                                                                | `not-empty` |

> | `itemCountMode`    | `enum`                    | Shows the quantity badge as total items in cart counting their quantities or display just distinct items ignoring their quantities. Possible values are: `total` or `distinct`. | `distinct` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `itemCountMode` | `enum` | Quantity badge behavior when displaying the number of total items added in Minicart. Possible values are: `total`  (quantity badge displays the number of items added to the cart) or `distinct` (quantity badge only displays the number of different products added to the cart). | `distinct` |
```
